Add link to INI file in Node.js v20 post (#115)
cloudx-labs/posts: posts/navarroaxel/17.node-v20.md

node --env-file path/to/.env index.js
```

💡 The path to the [INI file](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INI_file) is required because Node.js didn't choose a default name for the INI file.

> 🧠 If the INI file doesn't exist the `node` process didn't fail, just start running without the environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 🧠 If the INI file doesn't exist the `node` process doesn't fail, it just starts running without the environment variables.
```

node --env-file path/to/.env index.js
```

💡 The path to the [INI file](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INI_file) is required because Node.js didn't choose a default name for the INI file.

> 🧠 If the INI file doesn't exist the `node` process doesn't fail, it just starts running without the environment variables.

Author: ```suggestion
🧠 If the INI file does not exist, the node process will not fail; instead, it will start running without the environment variables.
```
